Why is no one controlling me?
What is your relationship with Mr. Lu?
What is your identity?
Who is this woman?
I'm beautiful. Muse
100 times more beautiful than the big star ginger down
What did he just say?
He is so beautiful.
I just look at my face
Didn't hear what he said
He seems to have said just now that Mr. Lu has not divorced yet
Could it be that he is the legendary Mrs. Lu?
How is that possible?
Mrs. Lu is an ugly, fat woman
How could it be this one in front of you?
What about the beautiful woman who stunned the four seats?
Who are you?
It's not your place to speak
Don't remember me
It's okay if you don't remember
Because of what happened next
You will never forget
It doesn't matter who you are
Here's the thing.
Do you know who the woman in front of you is?
Really know
What is Jiang Yurou's true face like?
Who are you?
I don't even know you.
You don't know me.
I know you.
I don't just know you
I also know all the songs you have sung over the years
They all got someone to sing for them